Little Miss twins red fire spammy and
then Jillian you just couldn't tell them
apart
who why Little Miss twin and Little Miss
twin of course what do you think they
lived in a funny sort of country called
toe tool and why was it called to lat
you'll find out - not one morning low
miss twin and Little Miss twin were
having breakfast - boiled eggs each
summly there were two knocks at the door
they both went to see who it was and
they're standing on the doorstep worth -
postman good morning morning they said
people in Toulon tended to talk like
that two letters for you you oh good
good explained the twins they read their
letters wild they finished breakfast
after reading their letters and after
washing up and after making their twin
beds the twins went shopping - to town
on the way they passed two policemen
hello hello they said the twins bought
two loaves of bread from mrs. twice
sighs the Baker's wife then they went
into the double Tosh the buttress and
bought some sausages two pounds of your
very best sausages please please they
said you'll enjoy these style doctor
double chop as he wrapped up the
sausages in two parcels then when the
terms went home to two times cottage Oh
didn't I tell you that was really lived
in to land mr. lo Z was driving his car
back from happy land he had been to see
how mr. happy was stayed the night and
now and was now on his way home
as he was driving along he noticed a
signpost he had never seen before
it was pointing to to land to land he
thought to himself I've never heard of
such a place so being the nosy fellow he
turned the wheel and set off to find
where to land was he's not called mr.
nosy for nothing
nosy by name and nosy by Nature it was
very it was a very warm day and mr. nosy
began to feel this this decidedly
thirsty he stopped at the first cottage
she came to lomez Twain was outside
gardening I say called mr. nosy could I
possibly trouble you for a glass of
water it's so hot today he added
apologetically
of course of course smiled the mist wind
come on in in mr. nosy can quite
understand why she was talking like that
but he was much too polite to mention
that in fact he got off his car and
follow a little mist win up the garden
path of two times cottage after you you
she said opening the door for him mr.
nosy went in and jumped I thought you
were behind me he said oh no no left
Little Miss Flynn she's my twin twin
that's right right he killed the other
Little Miss twin behind him
am i in to land mr. nosy asked the twins
as he sipped his glass of water
they both giggled oh yes yes and do you
always talk like this yes like what what
we just like to stay for lunch lunch
asked one of the twins
it's sausages sausages how very kind
kind miss replied mr. nose see their way
of talking seem to be catching catching
after lunch the Little Miss twins
promised to show mr. nosy around to land
they took him to to town art gallery
there are two paintings of there were
two of every painting they took him to
the to town hall to meet the mayor mr.
Dublin welcome to our town town he said
as he shot mr. nosy by the hand and
three other went for tea at the major
town to town the Ritz bitz
I had two cups of tea each and two
sandwiches each of two cakes each let me
pay say said mr. nosy oh no no they
insisted you're our guest guests they
added
it was getting quite late when they came
out of the rich Ritz Ritz
I really must be going some mr. nosy ass
he climbed into his car which he had
parked outside the hotel I don't like
driving in the dark
lovely to miss to meet you mr. nosy nosy
said one twin I hope we meet again soon
soon thought the other bye-bye call mr.
nosy as he drove us bye bye bye called
the twins called after him two days
later in tittel town which was where he
lived mr. nosy received a letter it had
a 2-run postmark on the envelope and two
to run stamps inside the envelope was a
parking fight for parking his car on the
double yellow line outside the rich
retsyn to town which as you know is no
place to park park the end
you